A festival full of sweet childhood memories full of fireworks, mouth full of sweets, house full of diyas and heart full of joy. Wishing you all a very Happy Diwali
To the dear family, here are my Happy Diwali wishes for all of you. I pray this Diwali be the best of all for you and let it bring in success in all our lives forever. “Happy Diwali”
Diwali coming soon...So I wish for you that the...The divine light of diwali Spread into your life peace, prosperity, happiness, and good health. Happy Diwali
Sparkling rows of lamps...and brilliant fireworks...together make a spectacular show...in the festival of light...hope that the blessing of almighty...remain forever with you...HAPPY DIWALI!!
The sweet smell of flowers, the array of colors, Diwali is here, firecrackers are heard candles are lit children play gifts are given we pray to the gods Diwali is here.
Happy Diwali.

With gleam of diyas and the echo of the chants May happiness and contentment fill your life wishing you a very happy and prosperous Diwali!
Like the fireworks sparkling in the sky may u r each day glow with joy and be bright with smiles... WISHING YOU A "HAPPY DIWALI"
Lakshmi Maa moving from door to door dropping heavenly falls of blessings,peace and wealth. May enter ur door. "HAPPY DIWALI"
A warm Diwali wish for every happiness. May the warmth and splendour, that are a part of this auspicious occasion, fill your life with happiness and bright cheer, and bring to you joy and prosperity, for the whole year.”HAPPY DIWALI”
A friend is like you is like diyas on Diwali..Driving away darkness and spreading brightness all around. I am so lucky to have found such a treasured friend in you! “HAPPY DIWALI”

Light a lamp of Love, Blast a chain of sorrow, shoot a rocket of prosperity, and fire a flowerpot of happiness. Wish you and your family SPARKLING DIWALI!!
Wishing you and your family a wealthy, prosperous, delightful and bright DEEPAWALI.
No matter how little their light is, they can still light up the whole world and bring us out of our dark agonies. May the lights of Diwali play such role in your life. Happy Diwali.
May every aspect of your life become as luminous and exciting as the lights flickering on the lamps in the festival of lights. Happy Diwali.
The truth of life is that existence wants our life to become a festival...because when one is unhappy, we also throw unhappiness all around. Celebrate this festival of light and spread joy, happiness and warmth all around! HAPPY DIWALI!!

May the gift of prosperity and happiness fill your heart and home with joy on Diwali and always… Happy Diwali everyone…!!
Light a lamp of love! Blast a chain of sorrow! Shoot a rocket of prosperity! Fire a flowerpot of happiness! Wish u and your family “SPARKLING DIWALI”
Diwali night is full of lights, may your life also be filled with colors and lights of happiness. Happy Diwali!!

I wish you a happy Diwali through this message. I hope you are enjoying the festival by burning fireworks and spreading light in all lives.
wishing you a Happy Diwali. I hope you are burning down fireworks and spreading light and happiness in your home. Have a safe and prosperous Diwali.
the light of knowledge you give is similar to the light of Diwali which brings in luck and love for all of us. Wishing you a happy Diwali.

wishing you a Happy Diwali and to your family. I am sending my hearty festive greets to you and your family on this festival and hope you will enjoy Diwali to the fullest.
I am sure you are enjoying the festival with great fervor and I send my good wishes and luck for your work and home.I pray this Diwali be the best for you and you enjoy a lot with display of fireworks to spread light in your home.

Happy Diwali wishes for you with love. I pray the festival of lights bring in good luck and success in the going project we have signed as a deal.
Peace, prosperity and good fortune, May all this be with you in the coming years. Happy Diwali
As we celebrate Diwali 2017, let's hope that it brings us new opportunities to work together and prosper.

May your life get filled with happiness, prosperity and merriment. May all your troubles vanish and your life gets blessed with Divine energy. Wishing you a very Happy Diwali.
Wishing that your life glows with happiness, prosperity and joy on this Diwali and always. Have a prosperous Diwali!!
I pray to God that the sparkles of lamps illuminate your life with happiness, prosperity, good health, wealth and fortune. Wishing you a cheerful, safe and Happy Diwali

Wishing you and your family a bombastic Diwali!!! Have loads of fun and loads of masti!! Have Safe and Prosperous Diwali 2017!!
HAPPY DIWALI TO YOU! May you be surrounded by family and lots of love on this Diwali 2017. Have prosperous Diwali.
Wishing you all a very Happy and Prosperous Diwali 2017. Let this Diwali bring in prosperity and good luck in our homes and spread love in our family.
I wish you all a happy Diwali celebration 2017. I hope you all are burning fireworks and spreading light and happiness in our home. Enjoy a safe and cheerful Diwali!
Here is my Happy Diwali wishes for all of you. I pray this Diwali be the best of all for you and let it bring in success in all our lives forever.

May the divine light of Diwali diyas spread Peace, Prosperity, Happiness and Good Health in your life. Wish you a very Happy Diwali!!
Let me make your Diwali celebration more cheerful & colorful with the lights of wishes of my heart. Happy Diwali my friend!
For this special time of Diwali celebration family and friends gets together for fun. Wishing laughter and fun to cheer your days, in this festive season of Diwali and always...Happy Diwali.

May you be blessed with happiness and well being to last through the year. Happy Diwali!
A warm Diwali wish for every happiness. May the warmth and splendor, that are a part of this auspicious occasion, fill your life with happiness and bright cheer, and bring to you joy and prosperity, for the whole year.
May the festival of lights be the harbinger of joy and prosperity. As the holy occasion of Diwali is here and the atmosphere is filled with the spirit of mirth and love, here's hoping this festival of beauty brings your way, bright sparkles of contentment, that stay with you through the days ahead. Best wishes on Diwali and New year.
On Diwali, wishes for every joy and prosperity. Here's hoping, that the beauty of this festival of lights, bring a world of joy, happiness and contentment to you, to last the whole year through. Happy Diwali.
As your celebrate this holy occasion, the most loving thoughts and wishes are for you... May the beauty of Diwali fill your world and your heart and may the love that is always yours, bring you endless joy. Have A Wonderful Diwali And New Year!
Have a prosperous Diwali. Hope this festival of lights, brings you every joy and happiness. May the lamps of joy, illuminate your life and fill your days with the bright sparkles of peace, mirth and goodwill, because you are someone who deserves life's best and so much more. Have a joyous Diwali and new year.
As you celebrate this holy occasion, you are wished the brightest moments that Diwali can bring, lots of love and laughter to fill your days with cheer and a New year that is sure to bring you, the best of everything.
There's always something warm and bright, about this time of the year, when everything has a special glow, and hearts are full of cheer, that's why, this special greeting comes your way, to wish you all life's best, on Diwali and in the coming year, too.
May the warmth and splendor, that are a part of this auspicious occasion, fill your life with happiness and bright cheer, and bring to you joy and prosperity, for the whole year.

On Diwali, I wanted to send you wishes for a year filled with prosperity, health and lots of fun! Hope you have a happy Diwali!
This Diwali, may you be blessed with good fortune as long as Ganeshji's trunk, wealth and prosperity as big as his stomach, happiness as sweet as his ladoos and may your trouble be as small as his mouse. Happy Diwali!
Memories of moments celebrated togetherMoments that have been attached in my heart, forever,Make me Miss You even more this Diwali.
Hope this Diwali brings in Good Fortune & Abounding Happiness for you!HAPPY DIWALI

May This Diwali be as bright as ever.
May this Diwali bring joy, health and wealth to you.
May the festival of lights brighten up you and your near and dear ones lives.
May this Diwali bring in u the most brightest and choicest happiness and love you have ever Wished for.
May this Diwali bring you the utmost in peace and prosperity.
May lights triumph over darkness.
May peace transcend the earth.
May the spirit of light illuminate the world.
May the light that we celebrate at Diwali show us the way and lead us together on the path of peace and social harmony
Fortunate is the one who has learned to Admire, but not to envy.
Good Wishes for a joyous Diwali and a Happy New Year with a plenty of Peace and Prosperity.
May the festival of lights be the harbinger of joy and prosperity. As the holy occasion of Diwali is here and the atmosphere is filled with the spirit of mirth and love, here's hoping this festival of beauty brings your way, bright sparkles of contentment, that stay with you through the days ahead.
Best wishes on Diwali.
Fortunate is the one who has learned to Admire, but not to envy. Good Wishes for a joyous Diwali and a Happy New Year with plenty of Peace and Prosperity.
Dear all, Wish u and your family a very happy diwali & prosperous new year. May God fulfill all your wishes in wealth, health & happiness in your life.
May the magnificence and warmth of this holy occasion fill your heart and lie with bright cheer and happiness throughout the year. Happy Deepavali!
On this festival of light, burn all your troubles, forget all of your problems. You can deal with it later. And remember, there’s Lord Rama to guide you. You will never be alone. Happy Diwali to you!
May you find the light inside of you. Let it illuminate and spread the spirit of love and mirth around. May the light Diyas enlighten you and give you a clear understanding. Have a splendid Diwali celebration!
A time for cheer and merriment – celebrate Diwali festival with heart filled with love and glee. Have a happy and blessed Deepavali!
In time of darkness, don’t forget to pray. Just like the essence of Diwali, there will be Diyas that will enlighten your way. Have a sparkling Diwali!
I’m sending my warmest greetings to you this Deepavali. May you and your family have a blessed and safe diwali celebration. Have fun!
Diwali is a special time to get together… To bond with family… to re-unite… May your home be filled with laughter, love and harmony this festival of light. Happy Deepavali!
Here’s my greetings to spread the love and blessings of Goddess of Wealth and Beauty. May you all have a splendid and magnificent celebration of Diwali!
Have you get your firecrackers ready? Have you prepared all your Diwali Recipe? Coz I’m on my way to visit and celebrate diwali with the family. Happy Deepavali!
Happy Diwali to you and your family. Best Wishes is sent to your way!
This season of light, may you find your happiness. May all of your dreams come true and have fun! Love lots and kisses.
May the light of sparkling Diyas bring your life an everlasting hope, fulfillment, happiness and prosperity. Have a happy and blessed Diwali!!
Today is Diwali… All of us should be jolly. Light the Diyas and rejoice. For our life will be joyous and prosperous. Happy Diwali!
Diwali is the festival to clebrate the victory of God
And that will be a great Diwali only if you
spread the spirit of Diwali to those unfortunate
Who are not able to celebrate Diwali
When you share Diwali to them
God will rejoice and bless you
Just like the courage of Lord Rama when he faced and defeated the evil, may you find your courage within you to keep striving and overcoming life’s hindrances. May you soon find your happiness and success. Happy Diwali!
Another year will be over, another year will come.
I hope and pray that the lights of Diwali
illuminate the new chapter of your life.
Happy Diwali!
May your life be as colorful, magnificent,
shimmering and magical
as the lights from the lamps of Diwali!
Happy Diwali!
May this upcoming Diwali bring you luck, happiness
joy and success in all your endeavors in life.
God bless!
I am wishing that the bright lights of Diwali
guides you through your way out
of every streak of trials in this life.
Happy Diwali!

May joyfulness and luck transcends
through the earth as we celebrate
the festival of lights.
I hope that the flaming sparks of the lamps of Diwali
which burns like a shooting star,
guide your way through your dreams.

May every aspect of your life become
as luminous and exciting as
the lights flickering
on the lamps in the festival of lights.
As the festival of lights end,
I am wishing you continuous success
and luck through the next year of your life.
While there are many people want to use diwali wishes in hindi, telugu, marthi and other language, some wants the English version of diwali Greetings. So here are some samples:

May your home be filled with good vibes
and intensively positive aura
as we celebrate the Diwali festival.
The lights of Diwali are bringers
of good health, long life and good luck.
May you celebrate this occasion
so that you will attain all of these good things.

May this joyous festival bring your family a lot of blessings in any form— money, food or whatsoever.
Your family deserves such rewards for being a good one all throughout the year.
I hope that the lights of Diwali
illuminate the minds of all the people
who have been deceived by the devil.
The lights are still more powerful than the force of the evil.
As you walk the path of life,
may the lights of Diwali dance
like fireflies in your dark days,
so that they will help you
get through till you find the sunshine.
No matter how little their light is,
they can still light up the whole world
and bring us out of our dark agonies.
May the lights of Diwali play such role in your life.

May the fire at the wick of the candle at the festival of lights
warm up the world to relieve the coldness
brought by wars, disputes and disasters.
Happy Diwali!
Diwali is the time for joy and cheer,
People feel merriment and mirth.
Let this divine festival by the start,
Of prosperous and successful life.
May you have a blessed Deepavali!
“Problems are like caves.
But don’t forget that we are guided
by the lights of Diwali until we reach the end of the tunnel.
I hope this Diwali festival will get you out of trouble
and make you stronger.”

As you all celebrate the festival of light,
Don’t forget its true essence.
Keep in your mind and in your heart,
The Diwali represents peace, victory and prosperity.
May you have a happy and blessed Deepavali.
May this year’s Diwali be the start of your joyful and prosperous life.
Let the light of Diya guide your way towards your chosen path.
I’m wishing that the beauty of this festival bring your contentment and satisfactions.
Wishing you nothing but the best on Diwali!

Darkness is just the absence of light.
I hope that the lights of Diwali be present in your life
so that you will be able to escape the deceitful darkness of this deceitful life.
Festival of life is celebrated
as the victory of God
over the forces of darkness
Happy Diwali

When the world fills with darkness
And the  people lose  hope
when the forces of Darkness
Dance with all evil strength
God will come like thunder
To save us and the world
And will show the light of Diwali
Let us Celebrate Diwali to Thank  God
For his love and affection for us
Below you can find some great Diwali messages wishes that are one of the best available on the internet. I have ground this to groups and you go through it. You can cut and copy these messages to face book or twitter You can use this messages as Diwali Card Messages.

Light your lamp for brighter tomorrow,
Burst those firecrackers to drive away failure and sorrow,
Make Rangolis for a colorful and vibrant life,
And hope that your year will be fun-filled and bright.
Lavish meals…
Bright lamps…
Festive activities…
Colorful garlands…
These are the elements of Diwali festival.
But don’t forget to give thanks to our creator.
Complete the celebration with prayers.
May you and your family have a wonderful and blessed Diwali!

To celebrate the Festival of light,
Countless lamps are illuminating
And I am wishing you long lasting joy
Endless happiness, Good health and prosperity
Wishing you a Happy Diwali!
May you have blessed and prosperous Diwali
May your family enjoy the blessings that
Goddess Lakshmi bestowed upon you.
Happy Diwali

On the day of Diwali Festival
I am giving you a heartfelt wishes
to glow your days with happinesswealth and prosperity
Happy Diwali!
Festival of light is here
To celebrate and enjoy
Diwali is the day of gods victory
Wishing you Everlasting
Joy, happiness and prosperity
Happy Diwali and New Year

Wishing you a Diwali that brings
Happiness, prosperity and Joy
To You and Your family
Happy Diwali to you
Diwali is the Victory of God
It is the promise of God
It gives us Hope and Confidence
That God is there always
Let us Celebrate the Gods Victory
With Sweets, Rangoli, firecrackers
And Divas. Happy Diwali

As the world is proclaiming the Victory
of god over the evil,
I are really happy to wish you
A Diwali filled with happiness
and Prosperity
Shub Diwali
Diwali has Give us the light
It has saved us from darkness
Let us rejoice the Diwali with
exchanging sweet and wishes
Happy Diwali

Diwali sparkles are all over
May this Diwali Sparkles
to bring you a sparkling health,
wealth and everlasting happiness
As the Diwali become victor over
Darkness, I am sure you will
Became the victor over Challenges
May the Light of Diya enlighten your life.
Let Diwali be the start of your new successful life.
Happy Diwali
Good friends deserve blessings.
And as we celebrate Diwali,
I am praying that all of you will receive the blessings
that will change your life in a good and great way.

You’re one of the best things that happen to me.
Thank you for making my life worth living.
This Diwali, I’m wishing you all the best in life.
Be happy, joyful, cheerful and successful.
Happy diwali!
I hope that the festival of lights bring you joy,
prosperity and good luck through the rest of the year.
Happy Diwali
This coming festival of lights,
I wish that a vibrant aura of peacefulness emerges in your home
as you face another year of trials and challenges.

Have a heart filled with love and peace,
As you celebrate the festival of joy and light
The day when darkness was defeated by light.
Keep the true essence of Diwali.
Happy Diwali!
May you overcome your life difficulties
With the help and guide of Goddess Lakshmi
May the spirit of Diwali illuminate your life
Have a blessed and happy diwali!

Peace
Prosperity
Joy
Good Health
Long Life
These are my wishes for you this Diwali.
Happy Diwali!
With the light of Diyas,
And the sound of Mantras and chants
May contentment and happiness fill your life.
Wishing you as well as your family a very happy and blessed Deepavali!

What Diwali is all about?
Is it worshipping Gods?
It’s about the Victory for God over evil!!
Is it decorating our home?
It’s the symbol of the victory of light over darkness,
Is it preparing diwali sweets?
It is the sharing the spirit of Diwali
Good Health… Successful Career… Happy Family… Long Life… These are my wishes for you this Deepavali. And I hope that all of your dreams come true. Lots of hugs and kisses to your way.

I wish that the sparkle of the lights illuminate your path and bring you happiness and joy the whole year through.

Loads of blessings to your way this Diwali festival, as the Goddess of Wealth and Beauty will once come over and bring happiness and joy.

May God of Knowledge and Goddess of Wealth bless you with a wonderful and sparkling life throughout the year. Happy Diwali!

May light of Diyas enlighten your life especially during the moment of darkness. My warmest thoughts and loads of prayers for you this festival of light!

Hope the festival of lights shower you with blessings from the Goddess of Wealth and Beauty. And may its radiance shine through your home bestow you togetherness and prosperity. My warm wishes to you on Diwali.

I wish I could be there to celebrate… to light Diyas… to eat delicious meals… to burst fireworks… Too bad, I can’t. So on my own way, I’ll be celebrating this Diwali with you – thru this card (or ecard). I’m sending my heartiest Diwali wishes to you. I miss you.

Celebrate this day – the day of the light overpowered the darkness. May this dazzling and sparkling day of victory bring wealth, happiness and peace to you and your family. Have a blessed deepavali!
May lights of Diwali Lamps
Light up your life
And fill it with lots of
Health and wealth!
Happy Diwali

May this Diwali
Be the best Diwali
you ever celebrated
And May it brings
Lots of luck to you!
Happy Diwali
Diwali is a occasion to
Meet and greet your loved ones!
May you always be surrounded by,
The people you love on this Diwali.
Happy Diwali

Please accept my
Care, Love,
Hugs and Kisses
For you on Diwali
Happy Diwali
Let the gleaming light of Diyas
Enter your soul and
Fill it with wisdom and peace.
Happy Diwali

Sing, Dance,
Love, Care,
Spread the joy
And happiness,
Because Diwali is here!
Happy Diwali

May the echoing Chants
And the sparkling Diyas
Fill you life with
Prosperity and love…
Happy Diwali
May the cheerful celebration
Of this divine festival
Fill your heart with
Never ending joy and happiness!
Happy Diwali

May Lord Ganesha
Bless you with good fortune
And lots of luck,
on this Diwali.
Happy Diwali
May this beautiful festival
Bring ample joy and luck
In your life!
Happy Diwali!

May this joyful spirit of Diwali
Enter your home
And fill it with lots of happy moments.
Happy Diwali
May all your dreams come true,
And may lord Ganesh bless you
With success and happiness!
Happy Diwali

It’s time to share happiness,
It’s time to show your love
And
It’s to wish all your loved ones
A very Happy DIWALI!!
May the bright lights of Diwali
Fill your life with wealth,
health and joy!
Happy Diwali

May you and your family be blessed
With luck and love
on this occasion of Diwali!
Happy Diwali
May Goddess Laxmi
Shower lots of wealth
And prosperity on you
And your family, this Diwali
Happy Diwali

No matter you are near or far,
My care and my love are always there with you!
Happy Diwali

Burn all your worries,
Bad times
And sad memories
With the firecrackers of Diwali.
Happy Diwali!
I wish you
Love, luck and
Endless fun filled moments
On this Diwali.
Happy Diwali!

Warm thoughts
And loving wishes for you
On this Diwali!
Happy Diwali
May the splendor
Of this divine occasion
Fill your life
With cheerfulness and joy!
Happy Diwali

Wishing you a
Lovely and prosperous Diwali!
Hope this Diwali
Doubles your charm and charisma
And makes you a better person!
Happy Diwali

Wishing you lots of
Brightness
Happiness
And cheerfulness
On this Diwali.
Happy Diwali!

Most loved wishes
For you on Diwali!
Happy Diwali!!
