The crisis of civilization

Today I complete eighty years of my life .As I look back on the vast stretch of years that lie behind me and see in clear 
perspective the history of my early development, I am struck by the change that has taken place both in my own attitude and in 
the psychology of my countrymen -- a change that carries within it a cause of profound tragedy.

Our direct contact with the larger world of men was linked up with the contemporary history of the English people whom we came to
know in those earlier days. It was mainly through their mighty literature that we formed our ideas with regard to these newcomers
to our Indian shores. In those days the type of learning that was served out to us was neither plentiful nor diverse, nor was the
spirit of scientific enquiry very much in evidence. Thus their scope being strictly limited, the educated of those days had 
recourse to English language and literature. Their days and nights were eloquent with the stately declamations of Burke, with 
Macaulay’s long-rolling sentences; discussions centred upon Shakespeare's drama and Byron's poetry and above all upon the 
large-hearted liberalism of the nineteenth-century English politics.

At the time though tentative attempts were being made to gain our national independence, at heart we had not lost faith in the 
generosity of the English race. This belief was so firmly rooted in the sentiments of our leaders as to lead them to hope that 
the victor would of his own grace pave the path of freedom for the vanquished. This belief was based upon the fact that England 
at the time provided a shelter to all those who had to flee from persecution in their own country. Political martyrs who had 
suffered for the honour of their people were accorded unreserved welcome at the hands of the English.

I was impressed by this evidence of liberal humanity in the character of the English and thus I was led to set them on the 
pedestal of my highest respect. This generosity in their national character had not yet been vitiated by imperialist pride.
About this time, as a boy in England, I had the opportunity of listening to the speeches of John Bright, both in and outside 
Parliament. The large-hearted, radical liberalism of those speeches, overflowing all narrow national bounds, had made so deep 
an impression on my mind that something of it lingers even today, even in these days of graceless disillusionment.

Tryst with destiny

Long years ago we made a tryst with destiny, and now that time comes when we shall redeem our pledge, not wholly or in full
measure, but very substantially. At the stroke of the midnight hour, when the world sleeps, India will awake to life and freedom.
A moment comes, which comes but rarely in history, when we step out from the old to new, when an age ends, and when the soul of a
nation, long suppressed, finds utterance. It is fitting that at this solemn moment we take the pledge of dedication to the 
service of India and her people and to the still larger cause of humanity with some pride. At the dawn of history India started 
on her unending quest, and trackless centuries which are filled with her striving and the grandeur of her successes and her 
failures. Through good and ill fortunes alike she has never lost sight of that quest or forgotten the ideals which gave her 
strength. We end today a period of ill fortunes and India discovers herself again. The achievement we celebrate today is but a 
step, an opening of opportunity, to the greater triumphs and achievements that await us. Are we brave enough and wise enough to 
grasp this opportunity and accept the challenge of the future? Freedom and power bring responsibility. That responsibility rests
upon this assembly, a sovereign body representing the sovereign people of India. Before the birth of freedom we have endured all 
the pains of labour and our hearts are heavy with the memory of this sorrow. Some of those pains continue even now. Nevertheless
the past is over and it is the future that beckons to us now. That future is not one of ease or resting but of incessant 
striving so that we might fulfill the pledges we have so often taken and the one we shall take today. The service of India means
the service of the millions who suffer. It means the ending of poverty and ignorance and disease and inequality of opportunity.
The ambition of the greatest man of our generation has been to wipe every tear from every eye. That may be beyond us, but so 
long as there are tears and suffering, so long our work will not be over. And so we have to labour and to work, and work hard,
to give reality to our dreams. Those dreams are for India, but they are also for the world, for all the nations and people are 
too closely knit together today for anyone of them to imagine that it can live apart. Peace has been said to be indivisible; so 
is freedom, so is prosperity now, and so also is disaster in this One World that can no longer be split into isolated fragments.
To the people of India, whose representatives we are, we make an appeal to join us with faith and confidence in this great 
adventure. This is no time for petty and destructive criticism, no time for ill will or blaming others. We have to build the
noble mansion of free India where all her children may dwell. The appointed day has come - the day appointed by destiny - and 
India stands forth again, after long slumber and struggle, awake, vital, free and independent. The past clings on to us still in
some measure and we have to do much before we redeem the pledges we have so often taken. Yet the turning point is past, and 
history begins anew for us, the history which we shall live and act and others will write about. A new star rises, the star of 
freedom in the east, a new hope comes into being, a vision long cherished materializes. May the star never set and that hope 
never be betrayed by. On this day our first thoughts go to the architect of this freedom, the father of our nation, who, 
embodying the old spirit of India, held aloft the torch of freedom and lighted up the darkness that surrounded us.We have often 
been unworthy followers of his and have strayed from his message. We shall never allow that torch of freedom to be blown out, 
however high the wind or stormy the tempest. We have hard work ahead. There is no resting for any one of us till we redeem our 
pledge in full, till we make all the people of India what destiny intended them to be. We are citizens of a great country, on the
verge of bold advance, and we have to live up to that high standard. All of us, to whatever religion we may belong, are equally 
the children of India with equal rights, privileges and obligations. And to India, our much-loved motherland, the ancient, the 
eternal and the ever-new, we pay our reverent homage and we bind ourselves afresh to her service. Jai Hind.Jai Hind


Freedom is my birthright

I am young in spirit though old in body. I do not wish to lose this privilege of youth. To deny the growing capacity to my 
thinking power is to admit that I have no right to speak on this resolution. Whatever I am going to speak today is eternally 
young. The body might grow old, decrepit and it might perish, but the soul is immortal. Similarly, if there might be an apparent
lull in our Home Rule activities, the freedom of the spirit behind it is eternal and indestructible, and it will secure liberty 
for us.

The Soul means Parameshwar and the mind will not get peace till it gets identified with Him. If one body is worn out the soul
will take another: so assures the Gita. This philosophy is quite old. Freedom is my birthright. So long as it is awake within me,
I am not old. No weapon can cut this spirit, no fire can burn it, no water can wet it, no wind can dry it. I say further that no 
CID can burn it. I declare the same principle to the Superintendent of Police who is sitting before me, to the Collector who had 
been invited to attend this meeting and to the Government shorthand writer who is busy taking down notes of our speeches.
This principle will not disappear even if it seems to be killed. We ask for Home Rule and we must get it. The Science which ends
in Home Rule is the Science of Politics and not the one which ends in slavery. The Science of Politics is the "Vedas" of the 
country. You have a soul and I only want to wake it up. I want to tear off the blind that has been let down by ignorant, 
designing and selfish people. The Science of Politics consists of two parts. The first is Divine and the second is Demonic. The 
slavery of a Nation comes into the latter part. There cannot be a moral justification for the Demonic part of the Science of 
Politics. A Nation which might justify this is guilty of sin in the sight of God. Some people have the courage to declare what is
harmful to them and some have not that courage. The political and religious teaching consists in giving the knowledge of this 
principle. Religious and political teachings are not separate, though they appear to be so on account of foreign rule. All 
philosophies are included in the Science of Politics.

Who does not know the meaning of Home Rule? Who does not want it? Would you like it, if I enter your house and take possession of
your cooking department? I must have the right to manage the affairs in my own house. It is only lunatics and children who do not
know how to manage their own affairs.

The cardinal creed of the conferences is that a member must be above 21 years of age; do you not, therefore, think that you want 
your own rights? Not being lunatics or children you uuderstand your own business, your own rights and, therefore, you know Home 
Rule. We are told we are not fit for Home Rule. A century has passed away and the British Rule has not made us fit for Home Rule;
now we will make our own efforts and fit ourselves for it.

To offer irrelevant excuses, to hold out any temptation and to make other offers will be putting a stigma on the English policy. 
England is trying to protect the small state of Belgium with the help of India; how can it then say that we should not have Home 
Rule? Those who find fault with us are avaricious people. But there are people who find fault even with the All-Merciful God. We 
must work hard to save the soul of our Nation without caring for anything. The good of our country consists in guarding this - 
our birthright. The Congress has passed this Home Rule resolution. The Provincial Conference is only a child of the Congress,
which submits to mandates of its father. We will follow Shri Ramachandra in obeying the order of our father the Congress. We are 
determined to make efforts to get this resolution enforced even if the effort leads us to the desert, compels us to live 
incognito, makes us suffer any hardship and even if it finally brings us to death. Shri Ramachandra did it. Do not pass this 
resolution by merely clapping your hands but by taking a solemn vow that you will work for it. We will work for it by every 
possible constitutional and law-abiding method to get Home Rule.

Through the grace of God, England has changed its mind towards us. We feel our efforts will not be without success. England 
proudly thought that a tiny nation might be able to protect the Empire by itself. This pride has gone down. England has now begun
to feel that it must make changes in the constitution of the Empire. Lloyd George has openly confessed that England cannot go on 
without the help of India. All notions about a Nation of a thousand years old have to be changed. The English people have 
discovered that the wisdom of all their parties is not sufficient. The Indian soldiers have saved the lives of the British soldier
s on the French battlefield and have showed their bravery. Those who once considered us as slaves have begun now to call us 
brothers. God has brought about all these changes. We must push our demands while the notion of this brotherhood is existing in 
the minds of the English. We must inform them that we, thirty crores of the Indian people, are ready to lay down our lives for 
the Empire; and that while we are with them none shall dare cast an evil glance at the Empire.

Quit India speech

Before you discuss the resolution, let me place before you one or two things, I want you to understand two things very clearly 
and to consider them from the same point of view from which I am placing them before you. I ask you to consider it from my point
of view, because if you approve of it, you will be enjoined to carry out all I say. It will be a great responsibility. There are
people who ask me whether I am the same man that I was in 1920, or whether there has been any change in me. You are right in 
asking that question.

Let me, however, hasten to assure that I am the same Gandhi as I was in 1920. I have not changed in any fundamental respect. 
I attach the same importance to non-violence that I did then. If at all, my emphasis on it has grown stronger. There is no real
contradiction between the present resolution and my previous writings and utterances.
Occasions like the present do not occur in everybody’s and but rarely in anybody’s life. I want you to know and feel that there is
nothing but purest Ahimsa in all that I am saying and doing today. The draft resolution of the Working Committee is based on 
Ahimsa, the contemplated struggle similarly has its roots in Ahimsa. If, therefore, there is any among you who has lost faith in 
Ahimsa or is wearied of it, let him not vote for this resolution. Let me explain my position clearly. God has vouchsafed to me a 
priceless gift in the weapon of Ahimsa. I and my Ahimsa are on our trail today. If in the present crisis, when the earth is being
scorched by the flames of Himsa and crying for deliverance, I failed to make use of the God given talent, God will not forgive me
and I shall be judged unworthy of the great gift. I must act now. I may not hesitate and merely look on, when Russia and China 
are threatened.

Ours is not a drive for power, but purely a non-violent fight for India’s independence. In a violent struggle, a successful 
general has been often known to effect a military coup and to set up a dictatorship. But under the Congress scheme of things, 
essentially non-violent as it is, there can be no room for dictatorship. A non-violent soldier of freedom will covet nothing for
himself, he fights only for the freedom of his country. The Congress is unconcerned as to who will rule, when freedom is attained.
The power, when it comes, will belong to the people of India, and it will be for them to decide to whom it placed in the entrusted
. May be that the reins will be placed in the hands of the Parsis, for instance-as I would love to see happen-or they may be 
handed to some others whose names are not heard in the Congress today. It will not be for you then to object saying, “This 
community is microscopic. That party did not play its due part in the freedom’s struggle; why should it have all the power?” 
Ever since its inception the Congress has kept itself meticulously free of the communal taint. It has thought always in terms of
the whole nation and has acted accordingly. . . I know how imperfect our Ahimsa is and how far away we are still from the ideal,
but in Ahimsa there is no final failure or defeat. I have faith, therefore, that if, in spite of our shortcomings, the big thing 
does happen, it will be because God wanted to help us by crowning with success our silent, unremitting Sadhana for the last 
twenty-two years.

I believe that in the history of the world, there has not been a more genuinely democratic struggle for freedom than ours. I read
Carlyle’s French Revolution while I was in prison, and Pandit Jawaharlal has told me something about the Russian revolution. But 
it is my conviction that inasmuch as these struggles were fought with the weapon of violence they failed to realize the democratic
ideal. In the democracy which I have envisaged, a democracy established by non-violence, there will be equal freedom for all.
Everybody will be his own master. It is to join a struggle for such democracy that I invite you today. Once you realize this you
will forget the differences between the Hindus and Muslims, and think of yourselves as Indians only, engaged in the common 
struggle for independence.

Then, there is the question of your attitude towards the British. I have noticed that there is hatred towards the British among 
the people. The people say they are disgusted with their behaviour. The people make no distinction between British imperialism 
and the British people. To them, the two are one. This hatred would even make them welcome the Japanese. It is most dangerous. 
It means that they will exchange one slavery for another. We must get rid of this feeling. Our quarrel is not with the British
people, we fight their imperialism. The proposal for the withdrawal of British power did not come out of anger. It came to enable
India to play its due part at the present critical juncture It is not a happy position for a big country like India to be merely 
helping with money and material obtained willy-nilly from her while the United Nations are conducting the war. We cannot evoke 
the true spirit of sacrifice and velour, so long as we are not free. I know the British Government will not be able to withhold 
freedom from us, when we have made enough self-sacrifice. We must, therefore, purge ourselves of hatred. Speaking for myself, I
can say that I have never felt any hatred. As a matter of fact, I feel myself to be a greater friend of the British now than 
ever before. One reason is that they are today in distress. My very friendship, therefore, demands that I should try to save them
from their mistakes. As I view the situation, they are on the brink of an abyss. It, therefore, becomes my duty to warn them of 
their danger even though it may, for the time being, anger them to the point of cutting off the friendly hand that is stretched 
out to help them. People may laugh, nevertheless that is my claim. At a time when I may have to launch the biggest struggle of 
my life, I may not harbor hatred against anybody.

Give me blood and il give you freedom

Friends! Twelve months ago a new programme of ‘total mobilisation’ or ‘maximum sacrifice’ was placed before Indians in East Asia.
Today I shall give you an account of our achievements during the past year and shall place before you our demands for the coming 
year. But, before I do so, I want you to realise once again what a golden opportunity we have for winning freedom. The British are
engaged in a worldwide struggle and in the course of this struggle they have suffered defeat after defeat on so many fronts. The 
enemy having been thus considerably weakened, our fight for liberty has become very much easier than it was five years ago. Such 
a rare and God-given opportunity comes once in a century. That is why we have sworn to fully utilise this opportunity for 
liberating our motherland from the British yoke.

I am so very hopeful and optimistic about the outcome of our struggle, because I do not rely merely on the efforts of three 
million Indians in East Asia. There is a gigantic movement going on inside India and millions of our countrymen are prepared for 
maximum suffering and sacrifice in order to achieve liberty.

Unfortunately, ever since the great fight of 1857, our countrymen are disarmed, whereas the enemy is armed to the teeth. Without 
arms and without a modern army, it is impossible for a disarmed people to win freedom in this modern age. Through the grace of 
Providence and through the help of generous Nippon, it has become possible for Indians in East Asia to get arms to build up a 
modern army. Moreover, Indians in East Asia are united to a man in the endeavour to win freedom and all the religious and other 
differences that the British tried to engineer inside India, simply do not exist in East Asia.
Consequently, we have now an ideal combination of circumstances favouring the success of our struggle- and all that is wanted is 
that Indians should themselves come forward to pay the price of liberty. According to the programme of ‘total mobilisation,’ I 
demanded of you men, money and materials. Regarding men, I am glad to tell you that I have obtained sufficient recruits already. 
Recruits have come to us from every corner of east Asia- from China, Japan, Indo-China, Philippines, Java, Borneo, Celebes, 
Sumatra, Malaya, Thailand and Burma…

You must continue the mobilisation of men, money and materials with greater vigour and energy, in particular, the problem of 
supplies and transport has to be solved satisfactorily.

We require more men and women of all categories for administration and reconstruction in liberated areas. We must be prepared for
a situation in which the enemy will ruthlessly apply the scorched earth policy, before withdrawing from a particular area and will
also force the civilian population to evacuate as was attempted in Burma.
Those of you who will continue to work on the Home Front should never forget that East Asia- and particularly Burma- from our 
base for the war of liberation. If this base is not strong, our fighting forces can never be victorious. Remember that this is a 
‘total war’- and not merely a war between two armies. That is why for a full one year I have been laying so much stress on ‘total
mobilisation’ in the East.

There is another reason why I want you to look after the Home Front properly. During the coming months I and my colleagues on the
War Committee of the Cabinet desire to devote our whole attention to the fighting front- and also to the task of working up the 
revolution inside India. Consequently, we want to be fully assured that the work at the base will go on smoothly and 
uninterruptedly even in our absence.

Friends, one year ago, when I made certain demands of you, I told you that if you give me ‘total mobilization,’ I would give you 
a ‘second front.’ I have redeemed that pledge. The first phase of our campaign is over. Our victorious troops, fighting side by 
side with Nipponese troops, have pushed back the enemy and are now fighting bravely on the sacred soil of our dear motherland.
Gird up your loins for the task that now lies ahead. I had asked you for men, money and materials. I have got them in generous
measure. Now I demand more of you. Men, money and materials cannot by themselves bring victory or freedom. We must have the 
motive-power that will inspire us to brave deeds and heroic exploits.

It will be a fatal mistake for you to wish to live and see India free simply because victory is now within reach. No one here 
should have the desire to live to enjoy freedom. A long fight is still in front of us.
We should have but one desire today- the desire to die so that India may live- the desire to face a martyr’s death, so that the
path to freedom may be paved with the martyr’s blood.

Friends! my comrades in the War of Liberation! Today I demand of you one thing, above all. I demand of you blood. It is blood a
lone that can avenge the blood that the enemy has spilt. It is blood alone that can pay the price of freedom. Give me blood and I
promise you freedom.

Speech 1

India got independence on 15th of August in 1947 from the British rule. After independence we got our all the fundamental rights 
in our own Nation, our Motherland. We all should feel proud to be an Indian and admire our fortune that we took birth on the land 
of an Independent India. History of slave India reveals everything that how our ancestors and forefathers had worked hard and 
suffered all the brutal behavior of Britishers. We cannot imagine by sitting here that how hard the independence was for India 
from the British rule. It took sacrifices of lives of many freedom fighters and several decades of struggle from 1857 to 1947. 
An Indian soldier (Mangal Pandey) in the British force had first raised his voice against Britishers for the independence of 
India.

Later several great freedom fighters had struggled and spent their whole life only for getting freedom. We can never forget the 
sacrifices of the Bhagat Singh, Khudi Ram Bose and Chandra Sekhar Azad who had lost their lives in their early age just for 
fighting for their country. How can we ignore all the struggles of Netaji and Gandhiji. Gandhiji was a great Indian personalities
who taught Indians a big lesson of non-violence. He was the one and only who lead India to get freedom with the help of
non-violence. Finally the result of long years of struggle came in front on 15th of August 1947 when India got freedom.

We are so lucky that our forefathers have given us a land of peace and happy where we can sleep whole night without fear and enjoy
whole day in our school or home. Our country is developing very fast in the field of technology, education, sports, finance and 
various other fields which were almost impossible before freedom. India is one of the countries rich in nuclear power. We are 
going ahead by actively participating in the sports like Olympics, Commonwealth games and Asian games. We have full rights to 
chose our government and enjoy largest democracy in the world. Yes, we are free and have complete freedom however we should not 
understand ourselves free of responsibilities towards our country. As being responsible citizens of the country, we should be 
always ready to handle any emergency condition in our country.

Jai Hind, Jai Bharat.

Speech 2

We celebrate this day with lots of enthusiasm and joy every year because our country got freedom at this day in 1947 from the 
British rule. We are here to celebrate nth number of independence day. It is great and most significant day for all Indians. 
People of India had suffered cruel behavior of Britishers for many years. Today we have freedom in almost all fields such as
education, sports, transportation, business, etc just because of the years of struggle of our forefathers. Before 1947, people 
were not so free even they were restricted to have rights on their own body and mind. They were slave of Britishers and forced 
to follow all the orders of them. Today we are free to do anything because of the great Indian leaders who struggled hard for 
many years to get freedom against British rule.

Independence day is celebrated all over India with much pleasure. This day is of great importance to all Indian citizens as it 
gives us opportunity to remember all those freedom fighters who had sacrificed their lives just for giving us a beautiful and 
peaceful life. Earlier to the independence, people were not allowed to get education, eat healthy food and live normal life like
us. We should be grateful to those events responsible for the freedom in India. Indians were treated more badly than slaves by 
the Britishers just to fulfill their meaningless orders.

Some of the great freedom fighters of India are Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, Jawahar Lal Nehru, Mahatma Gandhiji, Bal Gangadhar
Tilak, Lala Lajpath Ray, Bhagat Singh, Khudi Ram Bose and Chandra Sekhar Azad. They were famous patriots who struggled hard for
the freedom of India till the end of their life. We cannot imagine that horrible moment struggled by our forefathers. Now, after
many years of independence our country is on the right track of development. Today our country is a well established democratic 
country all over the world. Gandhiji was great leader who taught us about effective way of freedom like ahimsa and sathyagraha 
methods. Gandhi dreamed of an independent India with the non violence and peace.

India is our mother country and we are its citizens. We should always be ready to save it from the bad people. It is our 
responsibility to lead our country ahead and make it a best country of the world.

Jai Hind.

Speech 3

We celebrate Independence day every year on 15th of August because India got freedom on the night of 14th of August in 1947. Just
after the independence of India, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru had given a speech on the Independence day in New Delhi. When people all
over the world were sleeping, people in India were waking to get freedom and life from the British rule. Now, after the 
independence, India has been a largest democratic country in the world. Our country is a most famous country for the saying of 
unity in diversity. It face many incidents testing its secularism however Indian people become always ready to answer with their
unity.

Because of the hard struggles of our forefathers we are now able to enjoy the freedom and breathe fresh air according to our wish.
Getting freedom from the Britishers was really an impossible task our forefathers did with their continuous efforts. We can never
forget their works and always remember them through the history. We cannot remember all the deeds of all the freedom fighters in 
a day only however can give them a heartily salute. They would always be in our memories and way of inspiration to us whole life.

Today is the very significant day for all Indians which we celebrate remembering sacrifices of great Indian leaders who had given
their lives for the freedom and prosperity of the country. Freedom of India was possible because of the cooperation, sacrifice 
and involvement of all the Indians. We should value and salute all the Indian citizens because they are the real national heroes.
We should keep faith in the secularism and never be separate to maintain the unity so that no one can break and rule again.

We should take an oath today of being highly responsible and well-educated citizens of the tomorrow India. We should sincerely
perform our duty and do work hard to get the goal and successfully lead this democratic nation.

Jai Hind, Jai Bharat.

speech 4

Long years ago, great Indian leaders were made a tryst with the destiny to give us a free and peaceful country by sacrificing 
their comfort of life. Today we are gathered here to celebrate independence day without any fear and having happy face just 
because of our brave forefathers. We cannot imagine that how the moment was critical at that time. We have nothing to give our
forefathers in return for their precious hard works and sacrifices. We can only remember them and their deeds and make a heartily
salute while celebrating the national events. They would always be in our hearts. After the independence India get new birth with
happy face of all Indian citizens.

India got independence on 15th of August in 1947 from the clutches of British rule. Indian people all over the country celebrate
this national festival annually with lots of joy and enthusiasm. It was great day for all the Indian citizens when India’s 
tricolor flag was unfolded by the first Prime Minister of India, Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru, at the Red Fort, Delhi.

A huge celebration takes place in New Delhi at Rajpath every year where national anthem is sung after the flag hoisting by prime
minster. Together with the national anthem a salute through 21 guns firing and showering of flowers through helicopter is given
to the national flag. Independence day is a national holiday however everyone celebrate this from their own places by hosting the
flags in schools, offices or society. We should feel proud to be an Indian and try our best to save the honor of our country.

Modi

I also pay my respects to the crores of citizens of this country on the pious occasion of India's independence, and recall all 
those martyrs who had laid down their lives in India's struggle for freedom. The day of independence is a festival when we take a
solemn pledge of working for the welfare of mother India, and also for the welfare of the poor, oppressed, dalits, the exploited
& the backward people of our country. 

My dear countrymen, a national festival is an occasion to refine and rebuild the national character. This National festival 
inspires us to resolve ourselves to lead a life where our character gets refined further, to dedicate ourselves to the nation and
our every activity is linked to the interest of the nation and only then this festival of freedom can be a festival of inspiration
to take India to newer heights.

My dear countrymen, this nation has neither been built by political leaders nor by rulers nor by governments. This nation has been
built by our farmers, our workers, our mothers and sisters, our youth. The country has reached here today because of generation 
to generation rigours undertaken by our sages, our saints, our maestros, our teachers, our scientists and social workers. These
great people and these great generations, who had worked for the country throughout their lives, deserve our deepest respect. 
This is the beauty of India's Constitution, this is its capability which has made it possible that today a boy from small town, 
a poor family has got the opportunity to pay homage to the tri-colour of India at the ramparts of Lal Quila(Red Fort). This is 
the strength of India's democracy. This is an invaluable legacy which we have inherited from our architects of the constitution.
I pay my respects to those architects of the constitution of India today.

Brothers and sisters, today if we have reached here after independence, it is because of the contribution of all the Prime 
Ministers, all the governments and even the governments of all the States. I want to express my feelings of respect and gratitude
to all those previous governments and ex-Prime Ministers who have endeavoured to take our present day India to such heights and
who have added to the country's glory.

This country has been built on such foundation of ancient cultural heritage, where we were told of only onemantra during Vedic 
period, which is indicative of our work culture, which we have learnt, we have memorized – 'Sangachchhdhvam Samvadadhvam sam wo 
manansi jaanataam." We walk together, we move together, we think together, we resolve together and together we take this country
forward. Having imbibed this basic mantra, 125 crores of countrymen have taken the nation forward. Yesterday only the first 
Parliamentary Session of the new Government had concluded. Today, I can proudly say that the Session of Parliament reflects our
thinking and it is a reflection of our intentions. We are not for moving forward on the basis of majority, we are not interested
to move forward by virtue of majority. We want to move ahead on the basis of strong consensus. 'Sangachhadhwam" and, therefore,
the nation has witnessed the entire Session of Parliament. Having taken all the Parties and Opposition along while working 
shoulder to shoulder, we achieved an unprecedented success and the credit for this does not go to the Prime Minister alone, the 
credit does not go to the people sitting in the Government, the credit for this goes to the Opposition also, the credit goes to 
all the leaders of Opposition too and also all the Members from Opposition. From the ramparts of Red Fort, quite proudly I salute
all the Members of Parliament, I also salute all the Political Parties and by virtue of their strong support, we could take some 
important decisions intended to take the nation forward and yesterday the Session of Parliament had concluded.

Speech 5

We all know that India was not independent, the British ruled over us for 200. There are many freedom fighters come in front and
started a war against British. First war started in 1857. Slowly that movement taking a huge image in all over the India. The 
famous freedom fighter name come in existence. Rani Laxmi Bai, Tatya Tope, Mangal Pandey, Veer Kunwar Singh and many all.

They all started the movement against British. But unfortunately we have not unity in our country and our freedom fighters, some
of the people from our country are playing this battle from the British side, due to this reason our freedom fighters got failed
and our country did not freedom that time. Our many freedom fighters are got caught and many are hanged by British and many got
died in war and movement.

After the 1857 movement, in 1942 a movement named "Bharat Choro" was started by our national father Mahatma Gandhi. After a long 
Journey, India became freedom in 1947. This freedom has a great value for our nation, for our countrymen and women. Now in 1947 
we have an own country, not "sone ki chiriya" but it was totally own a free country where anyone can live according to their 
selves. 

Our country India is a great sign of unity, here all the religion live together, either they are Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, issue or any
other caste, they all are the brother. So there is a great unity in diversity in our country India.
Patriot for my country will never down, it will increase day by day. And I can not stop loving our country. My country is best
and it is my motherland.

So brothers and sisters after a huge struggle our country get freedom, many people gave their life, gave their present for our 
future. So We do not have to forget their work, and we have to care about our country, we have to do something better for our 
country.

And in last, I want to say Please save the country of Mahatma Gandhi, Jawahar Lal Nehru, and all freedom fighter.

speech 6

It is my pleasure to address this speech to each and every one of you on this glorious occasion that marks our independence day. 
It has been 64 years since our independence and we have come a long way. Even after 64 years there are so many beautiful things 
in our country that we would always cherish as Indians. We still live with the concept of "Unity in diversity" with diverse 
language, culture and religion. We have about 325 spoken languages and 18 official languages. We live in harmony with over 8 
religions and celebrate each others festivals with love. We welcome people from other country with respect and care. We have not
forgotten our traditions and values and we never let one another to forget them either. Regarding the positive changes that we 
have achieved in 64 years; we have emerged as the one of the world's largest democracy and economy. We have achieved success in 
green revolution, telecom industry and Space Technology. Now we are an emerging power in IT. 

Though it has been many years since our independence, let us not forget to remember the great leaders who fought for our freedom.
Most importantly let us remember the way we achieved our freedom. We were the pioneers of non violence freedom movement in the 
world. Non violence is concept that has been preached in almost all religions, we had implemented the same under the leadership 
of Mahatma Gandhi to attain our freedom. We achieved our freedom assertively without being aggressive. We still stand as one of 
the great country and mysteries in the world because of our soft yet strong nature, diverse culture and values. 

India has been a country that has marked her place in history even thousands of years ago. She has been mentioned and praised in
trade journals and historical documents of ancient countries and civilizations. Even some of those civilizations have disappeared
but yet India still stands. We might have not be known as India back then, also she was divided and ruled by many kings however
she was addressed as a whole as Hindustan. One might commonly conceive the reason for her popularity to be her wealth. But wealth
and power alone cannot give eternal glory. People of India not only had wealth they also had good values, open mindedness and 
welcomed anyone who came in for help. She had such rich culture, knowledge, values and diversity that were awed by others. We 
were also pioneers in science and research even during ancient times. These attributes encouraged other civilizations to 
establish relationship with India. I am sure that India is considered as one of the great countries in the world because of her
richness in people, culture and values.

We might not be treated well by other countries, but we treat those who come to us with respect. Our neighbors try to encroach
into our borders, but we do not do the same to them, however we try to protect ourselves with courage. We are strictly against 
any type of terrorism and fight against it unlike a few. Some may quote such attributes of our country to be weak, however I can 
surely tell you these are the attributes that has made us survive thousands of years. India may not be aggressive but she is 
assertive. 

Yes indeed there are some setbacks including as corruption, poverty, ignorance; however one cannot deny that even the most 
powerful nations have these setbacks. We have the freedom to talk about corruption or anything perhaps, to take steps against the
corruption and most importantly freedom of expression. People have the power here. Though India did not have good economic 
background in the beginning, our current status in global market is appreciated and envied by many. We have also developed in 
great deal in the areas of science and research. Slowly we are trying eradicating poverty and one of such initiative is self help
groups. There are many NGOs that try to provide awareness in various areas. This is indeed a great feat achieved after our 
independence.

In this day of independence let us remember how India has set an example to entire world by means of assertive freedom struggle.
We may not be a wealthy power in the world yet we are recognized as good human beings in a great country . Everything in the 
world changes but not principles or human values. India is known to be a great country that follows these principles. Let us 
thank great leaders who fought for our freedom assertively and for setting us an good examples. Let us thank our country for 
recognizing eminent researchers especially Dr. Abdul Kalam who was even made president of India. Such level of recognition 
indicates how our country strives growth in all areas most importantly knowledge. Knowledge is always the key for success and 
growth.

Most importantly let us not fret about the things that we don't have. Let us strive to make our country a better and safe place 
by following the values and principles taught by our great leaders. Let us spread awareness, knowledge, values and gain wisdom.
Let us make this our Independence Day resolution. If each individual of our country follows these basic principles he would 
grow, so would his family, his surroundings and eventually it would lead our country to become a great nation. Therefore let us
make a promise in this auspicious Independence day and let us make India our motherland shine even brighter into our future. I
am so glad to be given the opportunity to address this speech in front of the eminent guests and my fellow citizens on this day
of Independence.
