We get old and get use to each other. We think alike. We read each others minds. We know what the other wants without asking. 
Sometimes we irritate each other a little bit. Maybe sometimes take each other for granted.
But once in awhile, like today, I meditate on it and realise how lucky I am to share my life with the greatest woman I ever met.
You still fascinate and inspire me. You influence me for the better. You’re the object of my desire, the #1 Earthly reason for my
existence. I love you very much.

Since I left you, I have been constantly depressed. My happiness is to be near you. Incessantly I live over in my memory your 
caresses, your tears, your affectionate solicitude. The charms of the incomparable Josephine kindle continually a burning and a 
glowing flame in my heart.... I thought that I loved you months ago, but since my separation from you I feel that I love you a 
thousand fold more. Each day since I knew you, have I adored you more and more.

Time passes swiftly, but is it not joyous to see how great and growing is the treasure we have gathered together, amid the storms
and stresses of so many eventful and, to millions, tragic and terrible years?

his moment I have set myself to copy some verses out fair. I cannot proceed with any degree of content. I must write you a line 
or two and see if that will assist in dismissing you from my Mind for ever so short a time. Upon my Soul I can think of nothing 
else – The time is passed when I had power to advise and warn you again[s]t the unpromising morning of my Life – My love has made
me selfish. I cannot exist without you – I am forgetful of every thing but seeing you again – my Life seems to stop there – I see
no further. You have absorb’d me. I have a sensation at the present moment as though I was dissolving – I should be exquisitely
miserable without the hope of soon seeing you. I should be afraid to separate myself far from you. My sweet Fanny, will your 
heart never change? My love, will it? I have no limit now to my love – You note came in just here – I cannot be happier away 
from you – ‘T is richer than an Argosy of Pearles. Do not threat me even in jest. I have been astonished that Men could die 
Martyrs for religion – I have shudder’d at it – I shudder no more – I could be martyr’d for my Religion – Love is my religion – 
I could die for that – I could die for you. My Creed is Love and you are its only tenet – You have ravish’d me away by a Power I 
cannot resist: and yet I could resist till I saw you; and even since I have seen you I have endeavoured often “to reason against 
the reasons of my Love.” I can do that no more – the pain would be too great – My Love is selfish – I cannot breathe without you.

I can't say how every time I ever put my arms around you I felt that I was home. Nor too many things. But we were always cheerful
and jokers together.

I have your letters of the 16th and 21st. There are many days when you don’t write. What do you do, then? No, my darling, I am not
jealous, but sometimes worried. Come soon; I warn you, if you delay, you will find me ill. Fatigue and your absence are too much.
Your letters are the joy of my days, and my days of happiness are not many. Junot is bringing twenty-two flags to Paris.
You must come back with him, you understand? — hopeless sorrow, inconsolable misery, sadness without end, if I am so unhappy as 
to see him return alone. Adorable friend, he will see you, he will breathe in your temple; perhaps you will even grant him the 
unique and perfect favor of kissing your cheek, and I shall be alone and far, far away. But you are coming, aren’t you? You are 
going to be here beside me, in my arms, on my breast, on my mouth? Take wing and come, come!
